you just like to open wide sir okay are
you going anywhere nice on your holidays
yeah yeah don't try and talk one of my
hands are in your mouth sir
my wife and i are thinking of going
abroad this year dudley she's got uh
family in the zoo over there
you got kids please please don't talk
when my hands are in your mouth sir
could do the filling here actually at
the back is it mainly bananas you eat
yeah i won't i won't tell you again sir
please don't try and speak when i'm
working inside your mouth
right i'm trying to check a little taste
that's um not bad actually
um not what's done just need to smell
your breath
oh oh oh that is
rank are they gonna lie down
oh what have i done with my life to
deserve this
i never even wanted to be a teacher you
know let's be a chef
was for a bit ended up getting a sat
like couldn't pick up a plate without
smashing it
so here i am blackpool in february
with year 12. all 900 of them who
thought that was a good idea
not me you see i
you lot stop messing about over there
behave yourself please you are
representing saint jude's
sir why have we come to the beach it's
raining
i can see it's raining stephen why
couldn't we have gone to the sea life
center yeah
it's indoors and i could have seen my
dad yes sir it's rubbish here who wants
to learn about rock pools anyway
they are well boring fine let's go then
i can't take the constant crabbiness
these are our future
now that is a scary thought isn't it
right getting to lying you lot so i can
count you back onto the coach
johnson stop messing about walk properly
one
two three
[Music]
you